Why would Beiwang pay attention to me?
Sacrificing a bitch
Benefit our entire Jiangnan
Lin Haoran, I admit that you are very good at fighting
But do you dare to violate the surging name of Jiangnan?
Good daughter. So?
Qin Shao married you for this reason
Qin Shao is the center master of our entire Jiangnan
What's wrong with being wronged?
You were raised in the land of Jiangnan since you were a child
For the whole of Jiangnan
Marry Young Master Qin
Yes, sister, as long as you marry Qin Shao
In the future, all Jiangnan people will build an archway for you
Are you the savior?
How could this be?
Shen Huai'an is Shen Huai'an again
Why not fight against success?
The mass graves we built in Jiangnan in the past 20 years
Those are all in the consciousness of resisting the True North King
Integrity is the burial of tens of thousands of children who died prematurely
These are the prices of resistance
Xiang Yuxi, your personal happiness
Can compare to our Jiangnan
Are the lives of millions more important?
I beg you.
Leave a way for us Jiangnan people to live
Leave us a way out
You get up
Although I don't know why the King of Zhenbei values it so much
But you are indeed my savior in Jiangnan
I promise you.
As long as Jiangnan is lifted
Make your home a tiger family
Hey, good daughter, please agree.
Are you still crying? Mom, you're not ugly.
Sister, what are you still hesitating about?
Don't you want to be a sinner through the ages?
Bixin, don't sacrifice yourself
I said I will kill Xiaobai sooner or later
Love you, I will kill anyone who dares to pull me.
What are you?
He dared to defy the King of Zhenbei